[DOC] Lagging monitor (#1972)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/assembly-kafka-exporter.adoc

// This assembly is included in the following assemblies:
//
// master.adoc
[id='assembly-kafka-exporter-{context}']

= Kafka Exporter

> The Kafka Exporter is provided with {ProductName} for deployment with a Kafka cluster to extract additional metrics from Kafka brokers related to offsets, consumer groups, consumer lag, and topics.

Reviewer: One more comment ... can we provide a link to the project website (https://github.com/danielqsj/kafka_exporter)?As a courtesy to the author but also to explain the name etc. Maybe we can add some introduction. Something like this:

```suggestion
link:https://github.com/danielqsj/kafka_exporter[Kafka Exporter] is open source project which improves monitoring of Apache KAfka brokers and clients. 
Kafka Exporter is provided with {ProductName} for deployment with a Kafka cluster to extract additional metrics from Kafka brokers related to offsets, consumer groups, consumer lag, and topics.
```
